GAME.md, before:

# Game Title: Alt+F+This
*A darkly comedic sim about surviving the corporate tech grind, making morally dubious choices, and escaping with your sanity (or cash).*

**Act 1 (Corporate Prison):** Grind through soul-crushing jobs to save escape money.  
**Act 2 (Startup Chaos):** Build your own company—exploit or empower others.  
**Act 3 (Reckoning):** Face consequences of your choices in a Frostpunk-style recap.  

## Key Mechanics

### Act 1 (Corporate Prison)

#### Money

Escape fund ($5K to quit Act 1) or startup capital.

Salary of $500 is paid every 5 days.

#### Tasks

One active task at a time.

Example:
- Description e.g. Fix CEO's PowerPoint
- Deadline e.g. 5 (due on day 5)
- Complexity (1 to 5 Spaghetti (code))
- Progress (0 to 100%)

#### Actions

- Work
- Hustle (No progress on task, but earn more money) 

#### Office Events

Random events requiring moral decision, impacting deadline, task progress and salary.

#### End Game (for Act 1)

- Golden Handcuffs when Salary reaches $2500 every 5 days.
- Get fired for missing deadline.
- Earned $5k in bank to progress to Act 2.

Commit message:

Implement logic on deadline due

GAME.md, after:

# Game Title: Alt+F+This
*A darkly comedic sim about surviving the corporate tech grind, making morally dubious choices, and escaping with your sanity (or cash).*

**Act 1 (Corporate Prison):** Grind through soul-crushing jobs to save escape money.  
**Act 2 (Startup Chaos):** Build your own company—exploit or empower others.  
**Act 3 (Reckoning):** Face consequences of your choices in a Frostpunk-style recap.  

## Key Mechanics

### Act 1 (Corporate Prison)

#### Money

Escape fund ($5K to quit Act 1) or startup capital.

Salary of $500 is paid every 5 days.

#### Tasks

One active task at a time.

Example:
- Description e.g. Fix CEO's PowerPoint
- Deadline e.g. 5 (due on day 5)
- Complexity (1 to 5 Spaghetti (code))
- Progress (0 to 100%)

#### Actions

- Work
- Hustle (No progress on task, but earn more money) 

#### Deadlines

- When deadline is due, player have to option to ship it and lose a duck (only if > 80% completed)
- Bugs might come back later and stop progress on a future task. (bugs meter?)

#### Office Events

Random events requiring moral decision, impacting deadline, task progress and salary.

#### End Game (for Act 1)

- Golden Handcuffs when Salary reaches $2500 every 5 days.
- Get fired for missing deadline.
- Earned $5k in bank to progress to Act 2.
